Updating Docs for 2.1 Release (#164)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/install.md

## System Install 
`sudo pip3 install pydarn`

## Installing for Development

> pyDARN default github branch is on `develop` for quicker and easer development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pyDARN's default github branch is `develop` for quicker and easer development. 
```
